AV-101710 - Documentation update all resources (#331)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/resources/network_peer.md

page_title: "couchbase-capella_network_peer Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage network peering for a Capella cluster.
---

# couchbase-capella_network_peer (Resource)

> Resource to manage network peering for a Capella cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This resource allows you to manage network peering for an operational cluster.
```

  cluster_id      = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  name            = "VPCPeerTFTestAzure"
  provider_type   = "azure"
  provider_config = {
    aws_config = {
      cidr            = "10.6.0.0/16"
      resource_group  = "test-rg"
      subscription_id = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-00000000000"
      tenant_id       = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-00000000000"
      vnet_id         = "test-vnet"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the cluster to set up network peering for.
- `name` (String) The name of the network peering relationship.
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization that owns the Capella cluster.
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project containing the Capella cluster.
- `provider_config` (Attributes) Cloud provider-specific configuration for the network peering.The 'accountId', 'vpcId', 'region', and 'cidr' fields are required for AWS VPC peering. For GCP, the 'networkName', 'projectId', 'serviceAccount', and 'cidr' fields are required for VPC peering. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--provider_config))

> - `provider_type` (String) The cloud provider type for the network peering (aws, gcp, or azure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `provider_type` (String) The Cloud Service Provider type for the network peering. Currently supporting AWS, GCP, or Azure.
- ```
